Re-jig documentation structure and add an introduction section (#573)
Fusion-Power-Plant-Framework/bluemira: documentation/source/index.rst

Welcome to bluemira's documentation!
=====================================

The documentation is divided into the following sections:

*  :ref:`getting-started`, where you can learn more about the code and how to install it
*  :ref:`bluemira-modules`, where you can learn more about the individual modules

> *  :ref:`dev-docs`, where you can the API reference, and more developer-focussed documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  :ref:`dev-docs`, where you can see the API reference, and more developer-focused documentation
```
